README.md, before:

# Programming & Development YouTubers
A list of programming and development related YouTube channels.

## List
[Abdul Bari](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZCFT11CWBi3MHNlGf019nw)  
[Academind](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSJbGtTlrDami-tDGPUV9-w)  
[Alex Damiani](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTebDgj-GzOh3zo9Xf1vO4A)  
[Ben Awad](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-8QAzbLcRglXeN_MY9blyw)  
[Bro Code](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4SVo0Ue36XCfOyb5Lh1viQ)  
[Cherno, The](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQ-W1KE9EYfdxhL6S4twUNw)  
[Clever Programmer](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqrILQNl5Ed9Dz6CGMyvMTQ)  
[Code with Ania Kubów](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5DNytAJ6_FISueUfzZCVsw)  
[CodeBeauty](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCl5-BV9aRaeDVohpE4sqJiQ)  
[Coder Coder](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzNf0liwUzMN6_pixbQlMhQ)  
[codeSTACKr](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDCHcqyeQgJ-jVSd6VJkbCw)  
[Coding Addict](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMZFwxv5l-XtKi693qMJptA)  
[Coding Train, The](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvjgXvBlbQiydffZU7m1_aw)  
[Colt Steele](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrqAGUPPMOdo0jfQ6grikZw)  
[Computer Science](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbmb5IoBtHZTpYZCDBOC1CA)  
[Corey Schafer](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCezIgC97PvUuR4_gbFUs5g)  
[CS Dojo](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxX9wt5FWQUAAz4UrysqK9A)  
[Dani Krossing](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzyuZJ8zZ-Lhfnz41DG5qLw)  
[Derek Banas](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwRXb5dUK4cvsHbx-rGzSgw)  
[DesignCourse](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVyRiMvfUNMA1UPlDPzG5Ow)  
[Dev Ed](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClb90NQQcskPUGDIXsQEz5Q)  
[Faraday Academy](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxA99Yr6P_tZF9_BgtMGAWA)  
[Fireship](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsBjURrPoezykLs9EqgamOA)  
[Florin Pop](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeU-1X402kT-JlLdAitxSMA)  
[ForrestKnight](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2WHjPDvbE6O328n17ZGcfg)  
[freeCodeCamp.org](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8butISFwT-Wl7EV0hUK0BQ)  
[Fun Fun Function](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCO1cgjhGzsSYb1rsB4bFe4Q)  
[IAmTimCorey](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-ptWR16ITQyYOglXyQmpzw)  
[Ihatetomatoes](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7O6CntQoAI-wYyJxYiqNUg)  
[javidx9](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-yuWVUplUJZvieEligKBkA)  
[Kevin Powell](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJZv4d5rbIKd4QHMPkcABCw)  
[Layout Land](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7TizprGknbDalbHplROtag)  
[LevelUpTuts](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCyU5wkjgQYGRB0hIHMwm2Sg)  
[mayuko](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEDkO7wshcDZ7UZo17rPkzQ)  
[mCoding](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaiL2GDNpLYH6Wokkk1VNcg)  
[Neso Academy](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQYMhOMi_Cdj1CEAU-fv80A)  
[Net Ninja, The](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCW5YeuERMmlnqo4oq8vwUpg)  
[Program With Erik](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCshZ3rdoCLjDYuTR_RBubzw)  
[Programming with Mosh](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWv7vMbMWH4-V0ZXdmDpPBA)  
[sentdex](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfzlCWGWYyIQ0aLC5w48gBQ)  
[Simplilearn](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsvqVGtbbyHaMoevxPAq9Fg)  
[Stephen Grider](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQCaS3atWyNHEy5PkDXdpNg)  
[Tech With Tim](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4JX40jDee_tINbkjycV4Sg)  
[TechLead](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4xKdmAXFh4ACyhpiQ_3qBw)  
[Telmo Sempaio](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCADAkBGiLWIPkCu8D1R1M6g)  
[Traversy Media](https://www.youtube.com/user/TechGuyWeb)  
[Web Dev Simplified](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFbNIlppjAuEX4znoulh0Cw)  
[Wes Bos](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCoebwHSTvwalADTJhps0emA)

Commit message:

Add Eli the Computer Guy

README.md, after:

# Programming & Development YouTubers
A list of programming and development related YouTube channels.

## List
[Abdul Bari](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZCFT11CWBi3MHNlGf019nw)  
[Academind](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSJbGtTlrDami-tDGPUV9-w)  
[Alex Damiani](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTebDgj-GzOh3zo9Xf1vO4A)  
[Ben Awad](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-8QAzbLcRglXeN_MY9blyw)  
[Bro Code](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4SVo0Ue36XCfOyb5Lh1viQ)  
[Cherno, The](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQ-W1KE9EYfdxhL6S4twUNw)  
[Clever Programmer](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqrILQNl5Ed9Dz6CGMyvMTQ)  
[Code with Ania Kubów](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5DNytAJ6_FISueUfzZCVsw)  
[CodeBeauty](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCl5-BV9aRaeDVohpE4sqJiQ)  
[Coder Coder](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzNf0liwUzMN6_pixbQlMhQ)  
[codeSTACKr](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDCHcqyeQgJ-jVSd6VJkbCw)  
[Coding Addict](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMZFwxv5l-XtKi693qMJptA)  
[Coding Train, The](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvjgXvBlbQiydffZU7m1_aw)  
[Colt Steele](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrqAGUPPMOdo0jfQ6grikZw)  
[Computer Science](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbmb5IoBtHZTpYZCDBOC1CA)  
[Corey Schafer](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCezIgC97PvUuR4_gbFUs5g)  
[CS Dojo](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxX9wt5FWQUAAz4UrysqK9A)  
[Dani Krossing](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzyuZJ8zZ-Lhfnz41DG5qLw)  
[Derek Banas](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwRXb5dUK4cvsHbx-rGzSgw)  
[DesignCourse](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVyRiMvfUNMA1UPlDPzG5Ow)  
[Dev Ed](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClb90NQQcskPUGDIXsQEz5Q)  
[Eli the Computer Guy](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCD4EOyXKjfDUhCI6jlOZZYQ): As well as covering programming, Eli the Computer Guy has content on programming, Linux, networking, cybersecurity, and more.  
[Faraday Academy](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxA99Yr6P_tZF9_BgtMGAWA)  
[Fireship](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsBjURrPoezykLs9EqgamOA)  
[Florin Pop](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeU-1X402kT-JlLdAitxSMA)  
[ForrestKnight](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2WHjPDvbE6O328n17ZGcfg)  
[freeCodeCamp.org](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8butISFwT-Wl7EV0hUK0BQ)  
[Fun Fun Function](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCO1cgjhGzsSYb1rsB4bFe4Q)  
[IAmTimCorey](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-ptWR16ITQyYOglXyQmpzw)  
[Ihatetomatoes](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7O6CntQoAI-wYyJxYiqNUg)  
[javidx9](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-yuWVUplUJZvieEligKBkA)  
[Kevin Powell](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJZv4d5rbIKd4QHMPkcABCw)  
[Layout Land](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7TizprGknbDalbHplROtag)  
[LevelUpTuts](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCyU5wkjgQYGRB0hIHMwm2Sg)  
[mayuko](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEDkO7wshcDZ7UZo17rPkzQ)  
[mCoding](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaiL2GDNpLYH6Wokkk1VNcg)  
[Neso Academy](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQYMhOMi_Cdj1CEAU-fv80A)  
[Net Ninja, The](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCW5YeuERMmlnqo4oq8vwUpg)  
[Program With Erik](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCshZ3rdoCLjDYuTR_RBubzw)  
[Programming with Mosh](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWv7vMbMWH4-V0ZXdmDpPBA)  
[sentdex](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfzlCWGWYyIQ0aLC5w48gBQ)  
[Simplilearn](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsvqVGtbbyHaMoevxPAq9Fg)  
[Stephen Grider](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQCaS3atWyNHEy5PkDXdpNg)  
[Tech With Tim](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4JX40jDee_tINbkjycV4Sg)  
[TechLead](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4xKdmAXFh4ACyhpiQ_3qBw)  
[Telmo Sempaio](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCADAkBGiLWIPkCu8D1R1M6g)  
[Traversy Media](https://www.youtube.com/user/TechGuyWeb)  
[Web Dev Simplified](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFbNIlppjAuEX4znoulh0Cw)  
[Wes Bos](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCoebwHSTvwalADTJhps0emA)
